//Masari Campaign//

Characters:
Amaryllis Marquis
Niccolo Marquis
Fiona Regis
Chad Marquis
Ophelia Marquis
Bryant Marquis

Story:
>>Opening Arc<<
Amaryllis and her mother Fiona are waiting at the Zana Iron Horse Station for
the train to arrive. Fiona tells Amaryllis to not be nervous for the betrothal
and mentions how she met Amaryllis' father, Niccolo, through the same means.
Amaryllis asks her mother whether she was truly happy being with her father
through marraige of convinience. Fiona doesn't reply. The train draws into the 
station. Niccolo and two of his trusted bodyguards, Chad and Ophelia, step onto 
the station platform. Niccolo greets Amaryllis and Fiona and tells Amaryllis to 
board the train and go into the first class coaches. After Amaryllis boards the 
train with Chad and Ophelia, Niccolo and Fiona talk breifly mentioning how proud
they are that their daughter is soon to be a married woman. Niccolo bids Fiona 
farewell and boards the train as it leaves the station.

Later that evening, Amaryllis & co. are in the dining car eating dinner. Niccolo
explains to Amaryllis that the train is headed for the northern industrial town 
of Edzia where the Raven family is based. The head of the Raven family, Graham, 
has been a good friend to Niccolo for years so they felt that their alliance
should be secured through the marriage of Amaryllis and Graham's son, Malus.
This would include the Raven family as part of the Black Hand allowing access
to Edzia's lucrative mines. Amaryllis doesn't take this too well accusing her
father of selling her off like a Zekarian slave. The conversation quickly sours
and they continue to eat in silence.

Suddenly, Amaryllis & co. hear the sound of motorcars are heard outside the 
train. Niccolo quickly assumes they are bandits and tells Chad and Ophelia to 
draw their arms. The bandits grapple hook their way onto the train and enter the 
dining car where Amaryllis & co. are located. A fight breaks out between the
party and the bandits. Several people including Amaryllis are injured. Niccolo 
gives hands her a weapon, while Chad heals her wounds. The bandits announce over
the speakers that they have hijacked this train and that any resistance by its 
passageners will be met by their death.

Amaryllis & co. plan to take back the train by taking over the engine room.
They make their way from coach to coach defeating bandits along the way. On 
their way to the engine room, they see the bridge over a ravine ahead of them 
blown up. Niccolo claims that they must jump off now, however, Amaryllis won't 
let all the civilians on the train fall to their deaths. Amaryllis & co. make 
their way to the engine room and disconnect the cars behind them hoping that
the cars slow down before they reach the bridge.

In the engine room Amaryllis & co. are ambushed by Malus and several Raven
family henchmen. Niccolo demands an explanation from Malus. Malus replies that
he killed his father and is the new leader of the Raven family. Malus claims
that he must take Niccolo and Amaryllis hostage in order to declare war upon
the criminal families of the Black Hand. Niccolo asks Malus who is really
behind all of this claiming that Malus couldn't have orchestrated this alone. 
Malus draws near to Niccolo and whispers the words "Heaven's Shadow". Niccolo's 
fears are confirmed as he draws back, tells Chad and Ophelia to take Amaryllis 
and escape while he hold off Malus and his henchmen. Chad and Ophelia promptly
grab Amaryllis, make for the door and jump off the train landing in the snow.

The three watch from the cliff's edge as the train falls into the ravine and
explodes. Several days later, Amaryllis & co. arrive at the Marquis Estate
finding it burned to the ground. They learn that the Raven family has destroyed
many of their establishments and hunted down and executed many people that are 
associated with Marquis family.

That evening, Amaryllis gathers all the remaining members of the Marquis family 
for a funeral. When they ask her for a speech, she tells all who have gathered 
here that given that she is the last blood Marquis left alive she will take over
in her father's stead intending to rebuild their empire, unite with the other
families of the Black Hand and crush the Raven Family for their betrayal.

>>Inheritance Arc<<

>><<

Themes:
What is the difference between a man and a woman?
What does family mean?