//Roles//



Covert: Sabotage, Camoflage, Sniper, Slayer
Fixer : Healing, Refueling, Repairing


//Organization//
The Resistance is divided into two pools of Units: Vanguard and Reserves. When
Units are recruited, they are put into the Reserves where they automatically 
train until the player sends them on a mission or brings them into the Vanguard 
to place in a unit. The Reserves initially have the capacity to hold 5 Units, 
but this can be increased by bringing in materials to improve Living Quarters 
at the base.
The Vanguard can consist of upto 10 Teams each lead by a Primary Character that
is recruited in the course of the narrative. Initially, you'll have 7 Characters
from [Squad 2], but over time you may find/lose other PCs. Every Team consists 
of upto four Units including the PC Leader, so the maximum size of the Vanguard
is 40.
Team Building is an important consideration for players. Units of similiar 
Roles will enhance their abilities. For example, 2 Medics can revive a fallen 
Team (on the Map) with 50% HP/MP while 1 Medic can only do revive for 25% HP/MP.
However, team with different Roles are more adaptable to needs of the player.
For example, a team consisting of a Marksman, Saboteur and Medic can take out
enemies from afar, disable enemy devices and rescue fallen comrades all at the
same time.
Morale is a mechanic that can determine a Team's collective performance. If a
team is kept together over a long time, they will have a high morale. This is
reflected in combat by a faster Synchro Gauge and better performance. If an 
Actor is rotated in, some Morale may be lost but after some time it will be
grow again. If a Team is completely disbanded, all Morale will be lost and have
to be built up again.

//Missions//

In [Cadabolg], players will frequently find themselves in combat scenarios.
They must use a combination of strategic thinking (in Mission Mode) and
fast reflexes (in Battle Mode) to complete Missions with a low casualty rate.

Missions are displayed in the different parts of the city on the Map Screen
by the corresponding icon. Missions are completed in order to achieve in-game
objectives. For example, an in-game objective is to weaken Zekarian magical
capabilities. This is achieved by sabotaging the Mana Generators in the
Zekarian occupied area. Once all Mana Generators are destroyed, the objective
is considered complete and story moves on. Note: Not all missions are geared
towards accomplishing objectives. These can be considered side-missions.

//Mission Types//
- Recon: Send 1-4 units to check enemy unit types and locations (if hiding) in 
         an area before a mission. More units = More information to plan with, 
         but greater risk of getting caught. RESERVES ONLY.

- Inquiry: Send 1-4 units to get information from locals in an area about 
           situation in an area. Reveals new Missions 
           
- Raid: Infiltration into an established facility to gain access to supplies.
           