The Republic of Uran is a neutral island nation that lies in the Regis Strait 
between the Holy Zekarian Empire and the Masari Union, two superpowers with 
differing ideologies competing for global domninance. Due to the island nation's
neutrality and good relations with other nations of the world, the annexation of
Uran would undermine the political integrity of both superpowers. 

Uran is gifted with a large share of rare resources such as Ecrys, a rare 
mineral that can be used as fuel or can be synthesized to manufacture various
important products such as medicine and weaponry. Its convinience has made it
a commodity of high demand. Due to the limited supply of Ecrys in the world, 
Uran has been able to monopolize on the export of Ecrys to other nations making 
Uran a prosperous nation.

The political tensions between the Holy Zekarian Empire and the Masari Union
have created a policy of rapid militarization in both nations. Although ready to
go to war against each other, both sides know that it will become a long drawn 
out conflict due to their equal footing and need some way to ensure their 
victory against the other.

That is where Uran comes in. Whichever side controls the world's supply of Ecrys
will be able to starve out the other side's resources and eventually win over
not just the other nation, but the entire world. And so, the secret takeover of 
Uran by both nations has begun.

The Zekarian Empire sends their agents to "persuade" the Uran Minister of Trade

The Masari Union sends their agents to assist a charismatic military general in 
preparing a coup d'etat that will set the general as the island's dictator.



//Holy Zekarian Empire//
An authoritarian theocracy that unites its people through its religion and
associated scripture. Ruled by the God King Zekar VIII or Zekar the Divine
whose word is law and decisions are heavenly judgment.

Caste System

//Masari Union//
A conglomerate of city-states that operate under the same economic-political
banner functioning much like a megacorporation. Each city-state has a leader
or Director that makes decisions and votes on behalf of their city-state.
Directors are not elected, but rather the people most qualified for their
position.

The Masari Union has forgone the path of magic and religion favoring scientific
research and atheism instead. Each city-state serves as a department of the
union responsible for specific tasks that assist not only the city-state but
the union as a whole.

The Board of Directors answer to the Chairman, the largest shareholder of the
Masari Union. While the Board of Directors make a majority of the decisions
for the Union, the Chairman is allowed to override their decision in a state
of conglomerate emergency (such as war, rebellion or pandemic) or if the mental 
health of the Directors affects their decision making (Call of No Confidence).

//Republic of Uran//
A parlimentary republic.

