The world of Qualia is overcast by the shadow of war. Six years ago, two
superpowers; the Holy Zekarian Empire and the Masari Union, have been vying for
global supremacy. After it became apparent that they could no long peacefully
coexist due to their govenments' differing practices and ideologies, they
declared war upon each other. However, being so equally matched in forces and
strategy, the war quickly devolved into one of attrition with no clear end in 
sight. Both sides are looking into ways to turn the tide of war in their favor 
without resulting in too great a level of collateral damage, but such a means
has yet to be found...until recently.
Among the many neutral nations is the Republic of Uran, a country that lies in
the Rugral Sea between the Holy Zekarian Empire and the Masari Union. Uran has
held a strong policy of trading fairly with both nations even in their time of
conflict and is even willing to house war refugees and orphans until the war
comes to a close. However, under no circumstances will Uran have either nation's
troops on their soil. Through their policy of openess, Uran has benefited 
greatly from the fruits of both superpowers allowing it to be both advanced
technologically and magically sophisticated making the island a microcosmic
example of what peace between the superpowers could be like. The collaboration 
between the immigrants of both nations has resulted in two great advancements:
the creation of Uran's automated defense system, Akashic Mandala, and the 
creation of Cintamani, a alchemical substance that is capable of being 
transumutes into any other object of the same mass. These two advancements have
brought Uran's neutrality into question as they can make Uran as powerful as the
superpowers if not more.
However, even advanced nations can't prevent bad fortune. Over the course of a
week, many of Uran's costal towns are destroyed by a series of hurricanes. Due
to limited manpower, the nation is forced to ask its allies for help which
include the currently warring superpowers.

The Akashic Mandala is an island-wide defense system which uses the scientific
concept of Astral Fields and the magical concept of Sacred Mandalas. Astral 
Fields refer to the transmission of information within a sphere of psionic 
influence to a centralized source (usually an esper). Astral Fields allow the 
esper to learn about entities within the sphere and is typically used to share 
information or read minds or scry their surroundings. Sacred Mandalas, on the 
other hand, refer to isolating a geographical space to create a spatial-temporal
anomaly where natural laws can be manipulated based on the structure of the
encompassing Mandala. Mandalas are used by geomancers to subvert the limitations
of worldly laws and achieve the impossible within these spaces, such as being
able to train for years within the Mandala Space which end up being only a few
days in the real world. 
Combining these two concepts together you create an intelligent entity (known as
Archon) that is capable of knowing the locations, actions and events of all 
entities within the space of the Mandala and reacting to anomalous entities by 
having limitless magical control over the island to deal with anomalies. The
Archon is typically a human who has, through the use of mechanical augments,
communicates data to a team of golems called Muses that do the data crunching
to come up with the optimal solution to dealing with an anomaly.