Horatio (M/58):
Former Secret Keeper of the Heaven's Shadow, a secret group of Zekarians that 
works only under the orders of the God King. He is responsible for many 
underhanded political moves in order to get states to join the Holy Zekarian 
Empire without conflict. His polite mannerisms and frightening efficacy make 
him a difficult opponent to gauge.
He has taken an early retirement from his work with the Heaven's Shadow in
order to take care of his ailing wife and the farm his father left him. He is
reluctant to leave on this "last" mission, but feeling guilty for letting the
last God King die.


Lyrin (F/33):
Top tier clone soldier whose psionic abilities allow her to "eject" her memories
into her next iteration upon death. Despite having her memories, she always
begins with a blank slate persona and develops it based on the people and
circumstances she is around.
Lyrin has earned the nickname of "Godslayer" after she managed to assassinate
the God King Zekar VII singlehandedly a feat that proved to the Masari Union
that God Kings are not only mortal, but also human despite what their 
incredible magical abilities may suggest.
After the Maelstrom and Uran's request for relief effort, she is "revived" to
participate in the mission to overthrow the Uranian government by rallying up
support for Tora who plans to initiate a coup d'etat.

Io Mega (F/23):

Tora Xand (M/38): 
Former General of the Uran Military. Popular with the armed forces as well as 
the people of Uran. Rose quickly through the ranks of Uran society through his
ability on the battlefield (during the First and Second Uran Civil Wars) and on
the social side being quite the socialite and ladies man.
Tora frequently got into arguments with Prime Minister Gahran, an old friend of
Tora's father, over the nation having a monopoly over Ecrys supply saying that 
Uran was inciting trouble by holding the secret of harvesting Ecrys and that
the only thing holding other nations back from invading Uran was its neutrality
in world conflicts.
Tora was eventually arrested for being part of a terrorist group known as the
Uran Liberation Force that planned to blow up the Crystal Palace where the
Parliament convenes on the Day of Independence as a message to stop holding a 
monopoly over Ecrys. The plan, known as Operation Full Bloom, was put to a halt
and all members of the terrorist cell were put in labor camps on various parts
of the island. Tora being one of the leaders of the cell was exiled to the 
Masari Union.
After the Maelstrom, Tora is contacted by the Board of Directors to return to
Uran and rally support to overthrow the government with the help of Lyrin and
agents from the Masari Union under the condition that Tora give over the secrets
to how Uran produces Ecrys. Tora agrees seeing this as a chance to return to
his homeland and take back what is rightfully his.